---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: Banyan"
description: |-
  The Banyan Terraform Provider contains resources used to interact with the Banyan API.
---

# Banyan Provider

The Banyan Terraform Provider contains resources used to automate zero trust network access utilizing the Banyan API.

For more information visit the [Banyan Terraform documentation](https://docs.banyansecurity.io/docs/api-guide/terraform/)

## Configuration with your Banyan API Key as an environment variable
The `api_key` parameter can be omitted from the provider configuration block by setting the `BANYAN_API_KEY` environment variable as your API key and implementing the provider as follows:
```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    banyan = {
      source  = "banyansecurity/banyan"
      version = "1.1.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "banyan" {
}
```
This is the recommended method to authenticate the provider

## Important Note about API key scope
`ServiceAuthor` and `PolicyAuthor` limit the API key permissions to `services` and `policies` respectively. These narrowed API key scopes can be used to delegate service and policy management to teams or CI systems.

An `Admin` scope API key will have permission to create, modify, or destroy any resource which is available in terraform. An  `Admin` scope
API key is *required* in order to manage an access tier, connector, or service tunnel.

`access_tier` and `connector` API key scopes are required by the *launch configuration* of access tiers and connectors. Terraform is able to provision `access_tier` and `connector` API keys which are used by access tier and connector instances. The  [access tier](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/banyansecurity/banyan-accesstier2) and [connector](https://registry.terraformio/modules/banyansecurity/banyan-connector) terraform modules use these API key scopes to launch access tier and connector instances.

## Configuration with your Banyan API Key as a parameter
```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    banyan = {
      source  = "banyansecurity/banyan"
      version = "1.1.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "banyan" {
  api_key = "BANYAN_API_KEY"
}
```
This method should be used with caution as your API key should remain secret. A `.tfvars` file can be used with a secrets' manager to provider the `api_key` variable.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_key` (String) Banyan API key

### Optional

- `host` (String) The Banyan Command Center API URL