---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "banyan_api_key Resource - terraform-provider-banyan"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The API key resource manages the lifecycle of API keys. API keys are used to provide authentication inside various permissions scopes. For more information on API keys see the documentation https://docs.banyansecurity.io/docs/banyan-components/command-center/api-keys/
---

# banyan_api_key (Resource)

The API key resource manages the lifecycle of API keys. API keys are used to provide authentication inside various permissions scopes. For more information on API keys see the [documentation](https://docs.banyansecurity.io/docs/banyan-components/command-center/api-keys/)

## Important Note about API key scope
`ServiceAuthor` and `PolicyAuthor` limit the API key permissions to `services` and `policies` respectively. These narrowed API key scopes can be used to delegate service and policy management to teams or CI systems.

An `Admin` scope API key will have permission to create, modify, or destroy any resource which is available in terraform. An `Admin` scope
API key is *required* in order to manage an access tier, connector, or service tunnel.

`access_tier` and `connector` API key scopes are required by the *launch configuration* of access tiers and connectors. Terraform is able to provision `access_tier` and `connector` API keys which are used by access tier and connector instances. The  [access tier](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/banyansecurity/banyan-accesstier2) and [connector](https://registry.terraformio/modules/banyansecurity/banyan-connector) Terraform modules use these API key scopes to launch access tier and connector instances.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "banyan_api_key" "example" {
  name        = "my-api-key"
  description = "my api key"
  scope       = "connector"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description of the API key
- `name` (String) Name of the API key
- `scope` (String) Scope for the API key. Must be one of: "satellite", "access_tier", "read_logs", "Admin", "ServiceAuthor", "PolicyAuthor", "EventWriter", "ReadOnly"

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the API key in Banyan
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) API Secret key
