---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "banyan_policy Resource - terraform-provider-banyan"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Banyan policy for controlling access to a service
---

# banyan_policy (Resource)

Banyan policies control access to a service. For more information on Banyan policies, see the [documentation.](https://docs.banyanops.com/docs/feature-guides/administer-security-policies/policies/manage-policies/)

## Example 
```hcl
resource "banyan_policy" "high-trust-any" {
  name        = "high-trust-any"
  description = "Allows any user with a high trust score"
  type = "USER"	
  access {
    roles                             = ["some-role-name", "another-role-name"]
    trust_level                       = "High"
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **access** (Block List, Min: 1) Access describes the access rights for a set of roles (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access))
- **name** (String) Name of the policy
- **type** (String) The type of policy, must be one of: "INFRASTRUCTURE", "USER"

### Optional

- **description** (String) Description of the policy
- **disable_tls_client_authentication** (Boolean) Prevents the service from asking for a client TLS cert
- **l7_protocol** (String) L7Protocol specifies the application-level protocol: "http", "kafka", or empty string.
					If L7Protocol is not empty, then all Access rules must have L7Access entries.
- **metadatatags** (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata about the policy used by the UI and Banyan app (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadatatags))

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) ID of the policy in Banyan

<a id="nestedblock--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Required:

- **roles** (Set of String) Roles that all have the access rights given by rules
- **trust_level** (String) The trust level of the end user device, must be one of: "High", "Medium", "Low"

Optional:

- **l7_access** (Block List) Specifies a set of access rights to application level (OSI Layer-7) resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access--l7_access))

<a id="nestedblock--access--l7_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access.l7_access`

Required:

- **actions** (Set of String) Actions are a list of application-level actions: "READ", "WRITE", "CREATE", "UPDATE", "*"
- **resources** (Set of String) Resources are a list of application level resources.
														Each resource can have wildcard prefix or suffix, or both.
														A resource can be prefixed with "!", meaning DENY.
														Any DENY rule overrides any other rule that would allow the access.



<a id="nestedblock--metadatatags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadatatags`

Optional:

- **template** (String)


