---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "banyan_service_ssh Resource - terraform-provider-banyan"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource used for lifecycle management of SSH services. For more information on SSH services see the documentation https://docs.banyansecurity.io/docs/feature-guides/infrastructure/ssh-servers/
---

# banyan_service_ssh (Resource)

Resource used for lifecycle management of SSH services. For more information on SSH services see the [documentation](https://docs.banyansecurity.io/docs/feature-guides/infrastructure/ssh-servers/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "banyan_service_ssh" "example" {
  name           = "example-ssh"
  description    = "some SSH service description"
  access_tier    = "us-west1"
  domain         = "example-ssh.us-west1.mycompany.com"
  backend_domain = "10.3.53.12"
  backend_port   = 22
  policy         = banyan_policy_infra.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backend_domain` (String) The internal network address where this service is hosted; ex. 192.168.1.2; set to "" if using http_connect
- `backend_port` (Number) The internal port where this service is hosted; set to 0 if using http_connect
- `domain` (String) The external-facing network address for this service; ex. website.example.com
- `name` (String) Name of the service; use lowercase alphanumeric characters or "-"

### Optional

- `access_tier` (String) Name of the access_tier which will proxy requests to your service backend
- `autorun` (Boolean) Autorun for the service, if set true service would autorun on the app
- `available_in_app` (Boolean) Whether this service is available in the app for users with permission to access this service
- `backend_dns_override_for_domain` (String) Override DNS for service domain name with this value
- `client_banyanproxy_listen_port` (Number) For SSH, banyanproxy uses stdin instead of a local port
- `client_ssh_auth` (String) Specifies which certificates - TRUSTCERT | SSHCERT | BOTH - should be used when the user connects to this service; default: TRUSTCERT
- `client_ssh_host_directive` (String) Creates an entry in the SSH config file using the Host keyword. Wildcards are supported such as "192.168.*.?"; default: <service name>
- `cluster` (String, Deprecated) (Depreciated) Sets the cluster / shield for the service
- `connector` (String) Name of the connector which will proxy requests to your service backend
- `description` (String) Description of the service
- `description_link` (String) Link shown to the end user of the banyan app for this service
- `disable_private_dns` (Boolean) By default, Private DNS Override will be set to true i.e disable_private_dns is false. On the device, the domain name will resolve over the service tunnel to the correct Access Tier's public IP address. If you turn off Private DNS Override i.e. disable_private_dns is set to true, you need to explicitly set a private DNS entry for the service domain name.
- `http_connect` (Boolean) Indicates to use HTTP Connect request to derive the backend target address.
- `icon` (String) Name of the icon which will be displayed to the end user. The icon names can be found in the UI in the service config
- `policy` (String) Policy ID to be attached to this service
- `port` (Number) The external-facing port for this service
- `suppress_device_trust_verification` (Boolean) suppress_device_trust_verification disables Device Trust Verification for a service if set to true

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the service in Banyan
